hey everybody welcome to the Wolfe pit
today we're going to make a quick and
simple moist and delicious meatloaf so
let's get started I'm going to start by
making our filler for our meatloaf and a
large mixing bowl I'm going to combine
an egg lúcia Shire sauce cheap yellow
mustard if you're feeling mr. and mrs.
fancy-pants use Dijon mustard ketchup
black pepper onions bell pepper and
garlic and there'll be a link at the end
of the video for the recipe and the
amounts breadcrumbs then give this a
good mix until everything is well
combined and if you forgot to add salt
now's the time to add it add two pounds
of 80/20 ground beef and get everything
well incorporated just do not overwork
your meat otherwise you're going to have
a very dense and sponge-like meatloaf
just like your mother-in-laws once
everything is well but loosely combined
we're going to form this into a loaf now
our meatloaf goes into a 325 degree oven
for about an hour or until it reaches
160 degrees and now very simple glaze
for a very simple meatloaf ketchup honey
and whoosh ishara sauce give it a quick
mix that's all there is to it put this
on top of your meatloaf during the last
15 to 20 minutes of cooking once your
meatloaf is done let it rest on the
counter ten to 15 minutes before slicing
otherwise you're going to have dry and
crumbly meatloaf and have to drown it
and gravy and that's it that's all there
is to it to make a very simple and
delicious meatloaf thank you guys very
much for watching I hope you give this a
try
and we'll see you next time
you